[pop music playing]
[orchestra playing]
TOWARDS THE TRUTH
Come on.
I'm gonna try to draw them as
far away from you as possible.
Counting on you!
Damn it. You mean
we have to just sit here
and watch Pyunma race
for his life?
For the moment, we just need
to put all our trust in him
and not interfere.
[sighs]
[panting]
Well, hi there.
Any souvenirs to take home?
Nope.
I could tell he knew something,
but it looks like they have
an unspoken agreement
to keep quiet about all of this.
[G.B.] Sounds rather dicey.
And on top of that,
the Guardians seem to have
sniffed us out, too.
They what?
You don't think your contact
sold you out, did he?
Hey, don't go around
smearing his good name.
We Brits take our friendships
very seriously, you know.
Well, in that case...
There must be someone out there
who's somehow
managing to keep us
under tight surveillance,
wouldn't you say?
-[clanking]
-[gasps]
There they are now!
Hmm.
[Joe gasps]
What just happened?
[Françoise]
Joe...
Françoise...
what in the world
is happening to me?
It's all right, really.
You realize it, too, don't you?
[gasps]
Blood?
Don't you see? It's a miracle.
We're back to being
ordinary humans.
No, that can't be.
You found what you were seeking.
The answer you've been looking
for is right there before you.
He's right. Joe, think about it.
This is what we've
been wishing for all this time.
Now we can live our lives
without going into battle.
Yes, but, Françoise, I...
[Rajiv]
No need to doubt yourself.
You can simply accept yourself
as you are right now.
Joe, I feel so happy.
[Igarashi] Report your status.
We've spotted a moving object,
and we're giving chase,
but we're still
not able to identify it.
So I see.
It's likely 008.
Stand by with the depth charges!
Roger that.
Whoa.
[Guardian]
It's a counterattack!
There's no mistake.
I want him captured
immediately!
[Guardians] Roger that!
Sorry, guys. Looks like
my cover's been blown.
So he was just a decoy.
If that's the case...
Take the search back
to where you first spotted 008.
That's where you'll find them!
[Igarashi] Catalina,
how's it looking on your end?
We think we've pinpointed
009's location.
We should arrive there soon.
I've got a fair number
of questions for them.
If at all possible, I want you
to bring them back alive.
Yes, sir.
[fire crackling]
Does it still hurt?
A little.
I never thought to see the day
I would treat
your wounds like this.
[Rajiv]
What are you so concerned about?
If we lose our powers
as cyborgs, what then?
What are we supposed
to do with our lives?
[Françoise]
Listen.
You searched for a way to live
without having to fight,
and you have arrived
at the answer,
it seems, have you not?
This is the answer?
You're telling me
that being a human again
is what I really wanted?
You've laid down your arms
in this restoration.
If one bears arms,
it's human nature
to want to use them.
Isn't that precisely why you've
been suffering all this time?
The only way to avoid violence
is to turn my back
on my cyborg body.
Joe, please,
let's accept them, these bodies.
It is a human's
inalienable right
not to bear arms
or harm another,
and you should just follow
your heart in these matters.
He's right. Listen, Joe.
I feel so certain.
Being like this
will make us so much happier.
[gasps]
Yes, you could be right.
[Jet] Hey, Joe, do you copy?
Françoise, respond!
Hey, can you hear me?!
Something's not right here.
What is it?
[Jet] Joe and the others
aren't responding.
They're not?
It can't be the Blessed,
can it?
-[explosions]
-[both gasp]
[Dr. Gilmore]
Depth charges!
[Igarashi] We're only trying
to smoke them out of hiding.
They'll have
to surface eventually.
Don't stop 'til then.
-Take Ivan!
-Right!
Thanks to what 008 did,
they couldn't have gotten
a read on our exact location.
They're dropping them at random,
just waiting us out
'til we give up.
Let's see which one of us
can wait longer.
[Heinrich] 002, what's wrong?
[gasps] Heinrich?
You know how it is.
Under attack
by the Guardians. You?
The bastards were lying in wait
for us over here, too.
Are you serious?
Joe and the others
are in trouble.
[Geronimo]
All right. What's going on?
[both gasp]
[Jet] Geronimo,
those stinkin' Guardians
have launched an attack on us.
Careful. They're probably
headed your way, too.
I'm not getting any response
from Joe or Françoise.
You gotta get out of there
right now.
[gasps]
Geronimo?
Uh, why aren't you responding
to Jet's
brainwave communications?
-Eh?
-Huh?
We never heard them.
What?
Our powers,
somehow they've gone away.
Eh?
We can't fight anymore,
not as we are now.
Geronimo, we now realize if we
were to lay down our arms now,
then we wouldn't
have to fight anymore.
Eh? [grunts]
You monster,
what did you do to them?
No, don't!
Out of my way.
Eh? Joe.
Joe, are you all right?
[gasps] Geronimo...
that hurt me.
[gasps]
It's strange.
I'd forgotten
what pain like this felt like.
Squad, prepare for descent.
Commence operation!
As soon as you find the cyborgs,
you have the green light
to terminate.
[Guardians] Roger that!
[Geronimo]
Joe, Françoise, open your eyes!
You can rest assured.
They're in transition.
They'll soon
complete their choice.
Should they live on
as human beings now
or continue their
existence as cyborgs?
There's no need
to make that choice.
Oh? And what
do you mean by that?
The Great Spirit,
He was the one who gave us
these physical bodies.
Understand?
They weren't ours to begin with.
Are you saying
even a modified body
will never lose sight
of its true will and purpose
in this world?
We are just like
the ship of Theseus.
However our bodies
might be refashioned,
so long as we
hold on to our souls,
we will remain who we are,
no matter what occurs.
[gunfire]
They're here.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[suit whirs]
I've got the advantage,
way more experience
in underwater combat.
[inhales]
[gasps]
So they did spot us after all.
No choice.
I have to shoot it down.
[gurgles]
I let my guard down.
008, come in. What's going on?
Sorry, you guys.
I was totally
taken by surprise.
[groans]
Now what are we gonna do?
I'll go talk to them,
cut a deal.
What?!
I've noticed
that whenever you go out,
it never really ends
with just a talk, you know?
Well, whatever.
That's up to them!
[sighs]
You're under arrest
for violating the International
Terrorism Prevention Act.
I want you all
to surrender at once.
Heh.
Unfortunately, the others
are out right now.
I'm holding down the fort
by myself.
001, 006, I know the Doctor
and Lucy are both in there.
So you see right through me,
is that it?
As a matter of fact,
you're right.
Now stop resisting,
and do as I say!
Gotta give you props
for having more
than one brain cell, my friend,
but you still
don't get it, do you?
Don't get what?
You're wasting your time
on this path, you know.
Open your eyes, and see
who your true enemy is!
I bet that struck a chord.
Am I right?
[sighs]
Seems maybe
I should at least listen
to what you people
have to say about all this.
Except not out here.
At headquarters!
If you think I'm gonna
let you haul me off
to a place like that,
you're crazy.
Enough of this. Take them in!
[groans]
[grunting]
What are
the Guardians doing here?
Do you think they've
come to arrest us?
No. What I believe they intend
is to kill us where we stand.
[both gasp]
[Joe] Geronimo!
Are you...
[grunts]
Listen.
You're a warrior of justice.
I believe in you, Joe.
[yells]
With our bodies weak as this,
it would just take one bullet,
and we'd be no more.
[Rajiv] So you are going?
I have to.
I can't leave my friend to die.
No! Don't do it!
Do you want to help your friend?
Is that your answer then?
Wait!
[sighs]
[grunts]
Geronimo! I'll fight with you!
Joe!
Françoise! Get out of there!
Damn it. Let me go!
[groans]
This game ends now, 002.
Eh?
[yells]
Accelerator!
Why?
Is this really
the future I wanted?
Is this my answer?
[Joe] It can't be.
This can't be it!
All I wanted was to save
everyone from having to fight!
Françoise!
[crackling]
[hum]
[Joe] What is this?
[gasps] What was that?
Joe, thank you.
At that moment,
for the first time,
I wanted my Accelerator.
[Françoise] And is that...
the answer you were looking for?
[Joe] Yes.
So that's it then.
Staying in the fight
is our destiny.
I think it just might be.
[yells]
Looks like somebody's
back in action, aren't they?
Yeah.
I didn't mean to make you worry.
I'm sorry.
[Rajiv] Have you found
your true answer, then?
Are you truly certain?
You might modify our bodies,
but nothing in this world
can change our souls.
If I'm going to save
all those I can,
then both this body
and this power...
are an important part of me.
So be it, then.
Looks like we won't avoid war.
Sir, I...
Be true. Follow your heart, 009.
Huh?
[Geronimo] Oh?
So his power must be...
To shine a light
on the doubts in one's heart
and, through mere illusions,
to lead one to one's choice.
So even the pain I felt,
that was an illusion.
And if so...
[gasps]
009, his power
can't be explained
simply because he's equipped
with an Accelerator.
[grunts]
Jet. Chang Changku.
Sorry about all of this.
Jet's a pretty lousy negotiator.
Well, pardon me
for actually trying something.
[groans]
Take them away!
[whirring]
[both gasp]
[yells]
[rifle fires]
Hey! What the hell
are you doing?!
[Lucy yells]
What's going on here?
The Blessed?
The what?
Get me out of these.
I'll get him!
[Jet] Joe!
What's the matter, Jet?
Joe, they took Ivan!
[Geronimo] What?!
Are you sure?
Joe, why don't you go on ahead?
Hurry back to the Dolphin.
Oh, yeah.
Accelerator!
No doubts anymore.
[Joe] You guys, wait for me.
[ballad playing]
[singing in Japanese]